Yet to come across a person who is allergic to beauty. With that being said, what is beauty according to you? There’s no bookish definition, but let me share what beauty is for me. When the sun is about to set and the sky is transitioning between different art patterns as if the sky has just learned the meaning of the word hue. When the tide is rising and the sand is becoming colder every minute. When the shore is getting deserted and the only sound one can hear is that of waves crashing the shore. This is what I describe as immensely beautiful. How many times have you seen a rainbow just 10 feet away from you? In a world where one half of the population does not understand the phenomenon of reflection and refraction of light and the other half has never seen a rainbow in their entire life time, seeing mother nature demonstrate the basic phenomenon of physics make me spellbound and shout on the my feet - “It’s fucking beautiful.” “If you want to change the world, start off by making your bed.” No matter how small or big your room is, the joy of coming back to a tidy room after a long tiring day is unparalleled. Isn’t it beautiful? The Bed? I mean? Winter if not loved by many because it’s not the ideal season for flowers to bloom. Yet somewhere, there exists a rebellious flower, which refuses to wither away and decides to bloom as if there’s no tomorrow. And I, my dear friends, find this beautiful. There are more than 7000 languages spoken across the world. Because of so many languages, the intersection of the set of two different languages is rarely None. Hence, we often find words that mean something in one have a completely different meaning, y, in another language. For example - Gift in English means Poison in German. Sometimes it does get hilarious, but I think it’s beautiful how we as humans focus on the semantics and not the syntax. As the population keeps on increasing and the road gets narrower, the probability of you getting stuck in traffic is increasing day by day. No matter how cool and calm you are, traffic is one thing that always tests your patience and makes life miserable. And right when you start to scratch your head you see a cute toddler in another car who passes an innocent smile looking at you. It is in that very moment when you forget the entire world and the traffic around and smile within seeing the toddler smile. I call this a beautiful moment. I don’t know about you but I am deeply (deeper than the ocean) fascinated by the horizon. When the vast ocean, with its vast and diverse water life appears to meet the vast sky, my imagination says it must be a beautiful intersection. On some days, you deserve to be heard quietly. You deserve to be held by your hand tightly, you need to be held tightly. There are times when you need to be kissed; there are times when you need to be seen; there are times when you need to be validated. When your stars match and all these events unfold exactly when they need to, beautiful moments take birth. There are other countless incidents like these which define what beauty means to me. Obviously a lot of what I said might not make sense to you as one man’s beauty is another man’s vacuum . What is your definition of beauty?
